Add slicing functionality (#165)
JuliaLinearAlgebra/LinearMaps.jl: docs/src/history.md

  * `LinearMap(A::MapOrVecOrMat, dims::Dims{2}; offset::Dims{2})`, where the keyword
    argument `offset` determines the dimension of a virtual upper-left zero block, to which
    `A` gets (virtually) diagonally appended.
* An often requested new feature has been added: indexing/slicing any `LinearMap` object via
  `Base.getindex` overloads. Linear, Cartesian (both with two `Integer` indices and
  (vectors of) `CartesianIndex{2}`), colon, and logical indexing as well as slicing all
  work generically on any `LinearMap` subtype. For performance reasons, some slicing
  operations require the adjoint operation of the `LinearMap` type to be defined, or will
  fail otherwise. Important note: `LinearMap` objects are meant to model objects that act
  on vectors efficiently, and are in general *not* backed up by storage-like types like
  `Array`s. Therefore, indexing and/or slicing of `LinearMap`s is likely to be slow,
  and it may require the (repeated) allocation of canonical unit vectors. As a consequence,

>   generic algorithms relying heavily on indexing and/or slicing are likely to work much
>   worse than expected for `AbstractArray`s. To avoid repeated indexing operations which

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  generic algorithms relying heavily on indexing and/or slicing are likely to run much
  slower than expected for `AbstractArray`s. To avoid repeated indexing operations which
```

Reviewer: They will "work" properly...

  may involve redundant computations, it is strongly recommended to consider `convert`ing

>   `LinearMap`-typed objects to `Matrix` or `SparseMatrixCSC` first.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  `LinearMap`-typed objects to `Matrix` or `SparseMatrixCSC` first, if memory permits.
```
